34126 Accordion Documentation Fix Storybook (#613)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-design-system-documentation: src/_components/accordions.md

# Accordions

<div class="va-introtext" markdown="1">
Accordions are a list of headers that can be clicked to hide or reveal additional content. By default accordions are multi-selectable and borderless, however props can be added to make them bordered and single-select.
</div>

## Default

{% include storybook-preview.html story="components-va-accordion--default" %}

## Bordered

{% include storybook-preview.html story="components-va-accordion--bordered" %}

> ## Only Open One

Reviewer: I'd like to call this "Single Select" instead of "Only Open One". Please also add a short description of the open-single prop and what it does.

Author: I have updated

> {% include storybook-preview.html story="components-va-accordion--only-open-one" %}

Reviewer: Could we please rename this story "components-va-accordion--single-select"?

Author: I have updated this PR and fixed the story in the component library pr to match

# Accordions

<div class="va-introtext" markdown="1">
Accordions are a list of headers that can be clicked to hide or reveal additional content. By default accordions are multi-selectable and borderless, however props can be added to make them bordered and single-select.
</div>

## Default

{% include storybook-preview.html story="components-va-accordion--default" %}

## Bordered

{% include storybook-preview.html story="components-va-accordion--bordered" %}

## Single Select

> * Utilization of the `open-single` prop on the `va-accordion` component will change the accordion from multi-selectable to single-select

Reviewer: I'd like to change this description to make it a little more understandable. 
```suggestion
* Adding an `open-single` prop on the `va-accordion` component will allow the user to only open one accordion at a time.
```
